= Database Manager for PostgreSQL (Alpha) 

== DESCRIPTION:

Provides the PostgreSQL implementation of the 'db_postgres' resource to install and 
manage PostgreSQL database stand-alone servers and clients.


== DETAILS

The 'db_postgres' implementation is defined by a Lightweight Provider, which can be 
found in the providers/default.rb file.

The majority of the functionality of the PostgreSQL provider is encapsulated 
in the premium rightscale_tools gem, however, there are currently a handful
of recipes that can be used without it. See 'Public Recipes' in the USAGE
section below.


== REQUIREMENTS:

* Requires a VM launched from a RightScale managed RightImage 

* Tested on CentOS 5.6 RightImage

* Supports PostgreSQL 9.1 


== SETUP:

* Place db_postgres::default recipe into your runlist to setup the db resource.  When
  using a RightScale ServerTemplate, this will also automatically add the 
  common database attributes to your ServerTemplate inputs.
   
* Also, place the db_postgres::default recipe into your runlist to load the
  PostgreSQL provider, tuning parameters, as well as other PostgreSQL specific 
  attributes in as inputs.

== USAGE:

=== Basic usage
Once setup, use the recipes in the 'db_postgres' cookbook to install and manage your
PostgreSQL database servers and clients.  See the db_postgres/README.rdoc for usage 
details.


=== PostgreSQL Tuning and postgresql.conf 

Custom tuning parameters can be applied by overriding the postgres_tuning.rb
attributes file.  For more information and an example override repository
please see:

  https://github.com/ravibhure/open-cookbook/db_postgres
  

=== Public Recipes
Here is the list of db recipes that can be used without the preimum 
rightscale_tools gem:

* db_postgres::default
* db_postgres::install_client
* db_postgres::install_server
* db_postgres::setup_monitoring

These recipes are used by the RightScale LAMP ServerTemplate.


== KNOWN LIMITATIONS

* none

